---

layout: post
title: My experience at Bloc

---

It was early 2015 when I began to find an interest in computer programming. At first I wanted to develop my very own video game, so I began researching and discovering more and more that coding plays a huge role in building a game. I quickly subcribed to a few sites that taught interactive programming such as Codecademy, Udemy, and Treehouse. After I completed the basics I realized that these learning platforms wouldnt get me to where I wanted to be, so I signed up for Bloc's Software Developer Track. In just a few months learning at Bloc, I have been able to fully complete a dynamic application that is a replica of Spotify (a music platform that allows you to create playlist's, play music and suggest's music to each individual consumer based on the previous music selection's).
The curriculm is designed to push the students to their maximum potential in each and every checkpoint. The fundamentals are taught with real world problems and real world applications. I trust the design of the curriculum as I've noticed how much I've grown from when I started Bloc to where I am now. We've touched languages and tools such as: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Git, GitHub and jQuery.

JavaScript being the interaction and the glue, HTML being the structure of a site, CSS being the styling of the HTML structure, jQuery being a refactoring langauge after writing vanilla JavaScript and or being used as a way to write quicker JavaScript, Git being used in the command line to store all your changes in your code while working on a project and to push to GitHub, and GitHub being used to store all the code in a project in order for other developers to add to the project and also to present your projects in a technical form. 

Having a dedicated mentor to help me when I'm truly stuck on a problem is essential to growing as a developer. My mentor guides me in the right direction when there's a different way to approach a problem or when I'm stuck, he encourages me to keep pushing, and cares for my education. Being a student here at Bloc for 3 months has helped me grow as a developer and as an indivdual. 